Ah.
I know what that idiot did.
What's that idiot going to do?
He brought back love.
Go to the house and ask for a kiss.
I want the dowry.
Haha, the fool's mind is really different.
First of all, I don't want to say if the family is giving.
Even if it is for the current generation.
Do you have enough money?
He lost this bet.
I'll see what he does in three days.
Okay, I know.
Go.
Okay.
Just because he wanted me to take care of him for three days.
It's dreamy.
General Director Kieu, this is the contract to buy the wasteland of your house.
As long as you sign.
One hundred million will be paid immediately.
Oh, that's great, Director Lee.
I'll sign.
Wait a minute.
Before I sign, I have a request.
What do you say?
After signing
I want you and my brother to get married today.
It's impossible.
Even if I die, I will not marry someone who considers me a bookie.